
General Task: For each Task create an object of class and print all attributes and call all the methods of a class.
Also for each class create a constructor and pass logical arguments which you think required and store them in object attributes..


Task1:
Write a Python class 'MyClass' which has two methods get_String() and print_String(). 
get_String accept a string from the user and print_String print the string in upper case.



Task2:
Write a Python class named 'Rectangle' constructed by a length and width of a rectangle.
Call method print_area() to print the area.


Task3:
Write a class 'Animal' having (age,gender) as attributes and isMammal() method which prints "I am Mammal animal".


Task4:
Create three classes Duck,Fish and Zebra. These 3 classes inherit Animal class (Task3 class).
Duck has (beakColor,swim(),quack())
Fish has (sizeInFt,canEat,swim())
Zebra has (is_wild,run()).
Note: Here attribute are without paranthesis and with paranthesis are methods of a class.

Create object of all 3 child classes and print all the methods.


Task5:
Write a Python class named 'Circle' constructed by a radius and two methods which will compute the area and the perimeter of a circle.


Task6:
Create a class 'Shape' with below properties:
Attributes:
shape_type
color
filled

methods:
print_shape()  - should print shape_type
print_area()  - should print message "I am asked for area of shape"


Task7:
Create two classes which inherit the above 'Shape' class:
1)Circle  - radius, print_area()
2)Rectangle - width, length, print_area()

here in child class, it should calcualte area of respective shape. 
it should first print the message of parent class print_area() method and then print the area of the shape in new line.

Hint: This exercise is for method overriding purpose.


Task8:
Now create 2 Cirlce objects and 3 rectangle objects with different radius and width/length.
Now pass all these 5 objects to some for loop and call print_shape() and print_area() methods on each object.
